Q1. What features of C# will allow SoftSols Inc.to reuse the existing application code?Describe in brief.
Ans. C# is a fully Object Oriented Programming language.It provides features like abstraction and inheritance which can 
     be helpful in modifying the existing code.We can declare a class abstract and can modify its implementation without
     affecting any of the eisting code.
     Then we also have inheritance in C# which is very similar to abstraction in  this we can have base class which is
     having some methods and variables and all other classes can be added which can access thses inherent class methods
     and can perform different functions according to requirement.
     In C# we can create multiple classes which is an added advantage while writing the code or debugging it or also 
     while we will try to modify it as it will be easy to identify which class performs which function and which class
     needed to be modified.
     C# also had DLL(Data link library) files,it is a library that contains functions and codes that can be used by 
     one or more than one program at a time.It is easy to use in any program once it is createdwe just have to add reference
     to it.So while updating the code it is very easy to use existing DLL files.

Q2. Define an interface.Briefly describe the benifits of using interface.
Ans. Interface in C# is a blueprint of a class.It is like abstract class because all the methods which are declared inside
     the interface are abstract method.It cannot have method body and cannot be instantiated.
     It is used to achieve multiple inheritance which can't be achieved by class.It is used to achieve fully abstraction
     because it cannot have method body.
     Benefits of using an interface:
     i. To achieve security-hide certain details and only show the important details of an object(interface).
     ii. C# does not support "multiple inheritance"(a class can only inherit from one base class).However it can be achieved
         with interface,because the class can implement multiple interfaces.